[Music]
eight hairstyles that show a man's true
character ladies know that a good
haircut can often make it or break it
when we're talking about appearance
well it's no different for the fellas
either and the hairstyle they choose can
actually tell a lot about their
personalities of course this little test
shouldn't be taken too seriously since
it's all in good fun so if you're ready
to find out what some of the most
popular hairstyles on guys really mean
then check out these great examples that
we at bright side have found number 8
long hair those long hair clad dudes you
can't help noticing as soon as they walk
in the room they're mysterious beings
evoking in us associations ranging from
Vikings to metalheads and even to
characters from popular fantasy series
and we do like this haircut her lack
thereof but all jokes aside long haired
boys are very artistic so they usually
have creative hobbies like playing a
musical instrument drawing or writing
poetry
they're often introverts as well
enjoying their own company and opening
up only to a few trusted people that
they can call best friends
not to mention their refreshing we
open-minded and non-judgmental so if
you're into long talks about life and
art you should definitely pay attention
to these beautiful long haired cuties by
the way while we're on the topic of hair
length you might want to check out our
other video that reveals the truth about
you based on your hair length its tons
of fun and weirdly accurate at the same
time anyway back to men's popular
haircuts number seven a crew-cut
[Music]
this is the classic go-to in men's hair
stylings and it looks good on pretty
much everyone but who tends to choose
this cut well macho men do enjoy this
one but it's also a favorite of jealous
guys men's sporting a crew-cut
are also true leaders and also
incredibly charismatic which often makes
them the center of attention in any
group of people Plus this haircut is an
attribute of bright people that also
tend to have a good sense of humor
they're pretty relaxed and laid-back
enjoying the little things in life like
spending some time with friends just
chatting and having a couple of beers
they definitely like all the ladies
attention to be on them but when they
meet the women they truly fall for all
others and completely disappear these
guys sound like a true catch ladies
don't ignore this one
[Music]
number six no hair at all
Sarah's appointment pretty much everyone
it's like when she realizes ting fog
guys are actually really awesome and our
little test confirms it once again men
with no hair are very intelligent in
Farsi since they're balding and all they
can't blind women only with their
incredible smile but also with the
simple glare of the Sun on their shiny
hair seriously though this haircut if we
can call it that is usually chosen by
men who don't give a damn about new
trends and quickly fading fast
it's got no time for any of that
nonsense these men are practical and
straight shooters preferring to tell the
bitter truth instead of sweet lies and
of course most of these guys are very
faithful as well well that's a combo I'd
like to order number five a middle part
I think we can all agree that this
hairstyle oddly enough manages the look
both rock and roll to Trini at the same
time this haircut is likely to be chosen
by an industrious persistent man able to
pursue his goals without ever stopping
for self-doubting yes and goes for it
it's especially obvious that a man's
personality plays a part
no pun intended in choosing this style
is
naturally lies with outside party and
isn't that challenging to achieve you
might as well say that such men don't
bother much when it comes to perfecting
their appearance that's not to say that
these guys look bad they of course
always look clean and fresh
they just don't put that much emphasis
on their looks they prefer people to
complement their personality definitely
a breath of fresh air number four this
hairstyle is basically when a dude combs
his bangs straight up and it's making a
comeback don't you think that might be
because this style is a favorite for
dreamers that are feeling a little
nostalgic for the time when this dude
was popular
pompadour where's Craig's really
enthusiastic about life in general
and ready to have a good time and embark
on any adventure it's so comfortable to
be around these guys because they're
really easygoing and down-to-earth they
can quickly find common ground with
almost anybody in the world and did we
mention that they have a great sense of
humor that can always brighten up your
day
these natural-born leaders also like to
be the center of attention and enjoy
performing for the crowds
[Music]
number three middle length hair with
side swept bangs yes this is exactly
like Leonardo DiCaprio in Titanic ifs no
wonder everyone lost their mind for him
after that roll what a handsome guy
right anyway where were we right
hairstyles the guys who prefer this
haircut are romantic to the core you
look at their hair and start imagining
yourself standing on the bow of a ship
arms out to the side wind blowing
through your and his hair sorry no more
distractions I swear in reality it takes
a lot of time to achieve this effect it
tells us that this person is capable of
organizing his life well and
accomplishing what he has planned and
this type is very attractive to women
and these guys will use their luscious
locks to their advantage but that's
totally fine by me if they look anything
like Jack Dawson
again the prepping sorry
number two a fee this haircut has swept
the world by storm it can be seen on
Hollywood's leading actors famous
athletes and just young men all around
the world so what can you say about a
guy with a fade first of all this is the
haircut of a confident and fashionable
man you'll also see it on a muscular man
in a plaid shirt with a beard for sure
if you're looking at someone with a fade
and you don't see any of the above just
wait you'll see it soon enough because
this man keeps up with the times he's
not afraid to try something new and go
that extra mile if he wants to and how
can we not mention that this gentleman
he's a straight-up ladies man he enjoy
the ladies company and can easily get on
pretty much any woman's good side a real
charmer
[Music]
number one a top top top knock man bun
whatever you may call it this hairstyle
is a bit controversial some women love
it others camps one thing for sure is
that this style is definitely bold and
not that many people can pull it off
that tells us that man is wearing a
top-notch
unafraid of criticism he has his own
opinions and principles and sticks to
them instead of changing in every minute
you're guessing he knows some kind of
martial art - and can vanish in a cloud
of smoke when he's ready to piece out of
the situation this guy is mysterious and
has this really cool aura about him plus
he's never afraid to be himself even if
he might be misunderstood by most people
whether you enjoy the sight of her man
bun or not this guy's personalities
sounds freaking amazing
so these descriptions accurately
describe you or someone you know tell us
in the comments section below don't
forget to hit the like button and share
this video with your friends to see if
it'll match their character as well
subscribe to our channel to see more fun
videos like this one and to always stay
on the bright side of life with us until
next time
[Music]